This brings us to the conclusion of this lesson.
In this lesson, we have covered DICOM networking,
things like DIMSE services and the Internet-based DICOM web services.
We talked about the clinical network,
and what kinds of system exists on a clinical network and how do they talk to each other,
and where would your AI algorithm fit in to this picture,
we looked at some of the tools of the trade,
we looked at some of the tools that you would use to
debug a clinical network or simulated clinical network.
We have seen in the demonstration from [inaudible] of how
he interacts with the diagnostic medical image viewer.
Then we've talked about the regulatory landscape,
we've touched upon the subjects of medical device regulation and data privacy.